1. **Google's Chrome browser introduces new features to optimize battery life and memory usage**
Google has launched its new Energy Saver and Memory Saver modes for Chrome 110 desktops on Mac, Windows, and Chromebooks. Memory Saver mode temporarily suspends Chrome tabs that aren't currently in use to free up RAM, while inactive tabs remain visible and can be reloaded at any time.
Link: https://tech.slashdot.org/story/23/02/20/1747238/google-chromes-latest-version-includes-tools-to-address-its-memory-hog-problem?utm_source=rss1.0mainlinkanon&utm_medium=feed

2. **Outlook Users Report Broken Spam Filters Allowing Junk Messages to Flood Inboxes**
Microsoft Outlook's spam filter is reportedly broken for many users, with users experiencing a surge of spam messages in their inboxes. The issue is affecting many users in Europe, and complaints have been posted on Twitter. The spam messages that are making it to the inbox are clearly identifiable as such.
Link: https://it.slashdot.org/story/23/02/20/178226/microsofts-outlook-spam-email-filters-are-broken-for-many-right-now?utm_source=rss1.0mainlinkanon&utm_medium=feed

3. **Programming and ADHD, a perfect fit?**
Programming can offer a perfect fit for individuals with ADHD, according to developers who use the platform. The varied, constantly-changing demands of coding can provide the "stimulation" that ADHD brains crave, whilst the revolving door of new problems can ensure individuals remain engaged, even experiencing hyperfocus. Although ADHD can make people vulnerable to mistakes and missed deadlines, an open conversation about neurodiversity could help create a more accessible workplace and help support the success of neurodiverse team members.
Link: https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/02/19/developer-with-adhd-youre-not-alone/

